Updating Kyma local installation documents with Kyma CLI (#4117)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/04-02-local-installation.md

## Prerequisites

- [Kyma CLI](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli) 
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started)

> - [Minikube](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube) 1.0.1

Reviewer: Do we really need 1.0.1 specifically, or are we fine with 1.0 in general? Maybe we don't need to indicate the minor version here?

> - [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/) 1.12.5

Reviewer: Do we really need 1.12.5 specifically, or are we fine with 1.12 in general? Maybe we don't need to indicate the minor version here?

Author: I agree, we will remove patch version

- [Hyperkit driver](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/blob/master/docs/drivers.md#hyperkit-driver) - MacOS only
- [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) - Linux only

> **NOTE**: To work with Kyma, use only the provided commands. Kyma requires a specific Minikube configuration and does not work on a basic Minikube cluster that you can start using the `minikube start` command.

> ## Install Kyma and access the Console UI

Reviewer 2: Fixed thanks.

Follow these instructions to install Kyma from a release or from sources:
<div tabs>
  <details>
  <summary>
  From a release
  </summary>
    
  1. Provision a Kubernetes cluster on Minikube. Run:
    
     ```bash
     kyma provision minikube
     ```
     > **NOTE:** The `provision` command uses the default Minikube VM driver installed for your operating system. For a list of supported VM drivers see [this document](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/minikube/#quickstart).
  

>   2. Install Kyma on Minikube:

Reviewer 2: Fixed thanks.

     ```bash
     kyma install 
     ```
 >**NOTE** If you want to install a specific release version, go to the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases) to find out more about available releases. Use the release version as a parameter when calling ` kyma install --release {KYMA_RELEASE}`.
   
  </details>
  <details>
  <summary>
  From sources
  </summary>
    
  1. Open a terminal window and navigate to a space in which you want to store local Kyma sources.
    
  2. Clone the `Kyma` repository using HTTPS. Run:
     
     ```bash
     git clone https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma.git
     ```
  3. Provision a Kubernetes cluster on Minikube. Run:
     ```bash
     kyma provision minikube
     ```
     >  **NOTE:** The `provision` command uses default Minikube VM driver installed for your OS. For a list of supported VM drivers see [this document](http://github.com/kyma-project/cli).
  4. Install Kyma from sources. Run:
     
     ```bash
     kyma install --local --src-path {YOUR_KYMA_SOURCE_PATH}
     ```

   </details>
</div>

>  After installation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ## Post-installation steps
```

  1. Kyma comes with a local wildcard self-signed `server.crt` certificate. Add this certificate to your OS trusted certificates to access the Console UI. 
     
     To download certificate, run:
     ```bash
     wget https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/installation/certs/workspace/raw/server.crt
     ```

>      On MacOS, run:

Reviewer 2: Fixed thanks.

     ```bash
      sudo security add-trusted-cert -d -r trustRoot -k /Library/Keychains/System.keychain server.crt
      ```
      
     On Linux, run:
     ```bash
     certutil -d sql:$HOME/.pki/nssdb -A -t "P,," -n {CERT_DISPLAYNAME} -i server.crt
     ```
     >**NOTE:** Mozilla Firefox uses its own certificate keychain. If you want to access the Console UI though Firefox, add the Kyma wildcard certificate to the certificate keychain of the browser. To access the Application Connector and connect an external solution to the local deployment of Kyma, you must add the certificate to the trusted certificate storage of your programming environment. Read [this](/components/application-connector#details-access-the-application-connector-on-a-local-kyma-deployment) document to learn more.

>   

Reviewer: redundant newline

Reviewer 2: Fixed thanks.

  
  2. Install the latest Kyma release on Minikube:
     ```bash
     kyma install 
     ```
     >**NOTE** If you want to install a specific release version, go to the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases) to find out more about available releases. Use the release version as a parameter when calling ` kyma install --release {KYMA_RELEASE}`.
   
  </details>
  <details>
  <summary>
  From sources
  </summary>
    
  1. Open a terminal window and navigate to a space in which you want to store local Kyma sources.
    
  2. Clone the `Kyma` repository using HTTPS. Run:
     
     ```bash
     git clone https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma.git
     ```
  3. Provision a Kubernetes cluster on Minikube. Run:
     ```bash
     kyma provision minikube
     ```
     >  **NOTE:** The `provision` command uses default Minikube VM driver installed for your OS. For a list of supported VM drivers see [this document](http://github.com/kyma-project/cli).

  4. Install Kyma from sources. Run:
     
     ```bash
     kyma install --local --src-path {YOUR_KYMA_SOURCE_PATH}
     ```

   </details>
</div>

>  ## Post-installation steps

Reviewer 3: Replace lines 77-104 with:

```
1. Kyma comes with a local wildcard self-signed `server.crt` certificate. Download the certificate from Kyma GitHub and add it to your OS trusted certificates to access the Console UI. Run: 
 <div tabs>
      <details>
      <summary>
      MacOS
      </summary>

      ```bash
       wget https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/installation/certs/workspace/raw/server.crt ; sudo security add-trusted-cert -d -r trustRoot -k /Library/Keychains/System.keychain server.crt
      ```
      
      </details>
      <details>
      <summary>
       Linux
      </summary>

      ```bash
      wget https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/installation/certs/workspace/raw/server.crt ; certutil -d sql:$HOME/.pki/nssdb -A -t "P,," -n {CERT_DISPLAYNAME} -i server.crt
      ```
      </details>
   </div>

```

  1. Kyma comes with a local wildcard self-signed `server.crt` certificate. Add this certificate to your OS trusted certificates to access the Console UI. 
     
     To download certificate, run:
     ```bash
     wget https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/installation/certs/workspace/raw/server.crt
     ```
     <div tabs>
      <details>
      <summary>
         On MacOS, run:
      </summary>

      ```bash
      sudo security add-trusted-cert -d -r trustRoot -k /Library/Keychains/System.keychain server.crt
      ```
      
      </details>
      <details>
      <summary>

>          On Linux, run:

Reviewer: I don't really like the flow of this section the way it is now, it's kinda broken. 
The names of the tabs should be simply "MacOS / Linux". Would it work if you put two commands into each step (download and add to keychain) but separated with a `;` separator so that when the user copies the content of the code block into the terminal he'll just have to press enter to both download the cert and add it to trusted? Like this: 

```
1. Kyma comes with a local wildcard self-signed `server.crt` certificate. Download the certificate from Kyma GitHub and it to your OS trusted certificates to access the Console UI. Run: 
 <div tabs>
      <details>
      <summary>
      MacOS
      </summary>

      ```bash
       wget https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/installation/certs/workspace/raw/server.crt ; sudo security add-trusted-cert -d -r trustRoot -k /Library/Keychains/System.keychain server.crt
      ```
      
      </details>
      <details>
      <summary>
       Linux
      </summary>

      ```bash
      wget https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/installation/certs/workspace/raw/server.crt ; certutil -d sql:$HOME/.pki/nssdb -A -t "P,," -n {CERT_DISPLAYNAME} -i server.crt
      ```
      
      </details>
   </div>

      </summary>

      ```bash
      certutil -d sql:$HOME/.pki/nssdb -A -t "P,," -n {CERT_DISPLAYNAME} -i server.crt
      ```
      
      </details>
   </div>

>      >**NOTE:** Mozilla Firefox uses its own certificate keychain. If you want to access the Console UI though Firefox, add the Kyma wildcard certificate to the certificate keychain of the browser. To access the Application Connector and connect an external solution to the local deployment of Kyma, you must add the certificate to the trusted certificate storage of your programming environment. Read [this](/components/application-connector#details-access-the-application-connector-on-a-local-kyma-deployment) document to learn more.

Reviewer: The note doesn't render properly. My guess is that it needs a newline after the div element ;)

Reviewer 3: I added a suggestion to fix this.

   
  </details>
  <details>
  <summary>
  From sources
  </summary>
    
  1. Open a terminal window and navigate to a space in which you want to store local Kyma sources.
    
  2. Clone the `Kyma` repository using HTTPS. Run:
     
     ```bash
     git clone https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma.git
     ```
  3. Provision a Kubernetes cluster on Minikube. Run:
     ```bash
     kyma provision minikube
     ```
     >  **NOTE:** The `provision` command uses default Minikube VM driver installed for your OS. For a list of supported VM drivers see [this document](http://github.com/kyma-project/cli).

  4. Install Kyma from sources. Run:
     
     ```bash
     kyma install --local --src-path {YOUR_KYMA_SOURCE_PATH}
     ```

   </details>
</div>

 ## Post-installation steps
  1. Kyma comes with a local wildcard self-signed `server.crt` certificate. Download the certificate from Kyma GitHub and add it to your OS trusted certificates to access the Console UI. Run: 
      <div tabs>
      <details>
      <summary>
      MacOS
      </summary>

      ```bash

>       wget https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/installation/certs/workspace/raw/server.crt ; sudo security add-trusted-cert -d -r trustRoot -k /Library/Keychains/System.keychain server.crt

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/kyma/master/installation/certs/workspace/raw/server.crt ; sudo security add-trusted-cert -d -r trustRoot -k /Library/Keychains/System.keychain server.crt
```

      ```
      </details>
      <details>
      <summary>
      Linux
      </summary>

      ```bash

>       wget https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/installation/certs/workspace/raw/server.crt ; certutil -d sql:$HOME/.pki/nssdb -A -t "P,," -n {CERT_DISPLAYNAME} -i server.crt

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/kyma/master/installation/certs/workspace/raw/server.crt ; certutil -d sql:$HOME/.pki/nssdb -A -t "P,," -n {CERT_DISPLAYNAME} -i server.crt
```

- [Hyperkit driver](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/blob/master/docs/drivers.md#hyperkit-driver) - MacOS only
- [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) - Linux only

> **NOTE**: To work with Kyma, use only the provided commands. Kyma requires a specific Minikube configuration and does not work on a basic Minikube cluster that you can start using the `minikube start` command.

## Install Kyma and access the Console UI

Follow these instructions to install Kyma from a release or from sources:
<div tabs>
  <details>
  <summary>

>   From a release

Reviewer: This flow will not work for a newcomer. It misses adding the kyma cert to trusted. 
This has to be done regardless of the installation approach so please make sure to indicate it's mandatory for everyone. I suggest putting it outside of the DIV element along with the description of accessing the console.

Author: We will add in the general steps, based on wget command for both cases

  </summary>
    
  1. Provision a Kubernetes cluster on Minikube. Run:
    
     ```bash
     kyma provision minikube
     ```

>      > **NOTE:** The `provision` command uses default Minikube VM driver installed for your operating system. For a list of supported VM drivers see [this document](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/minikube/#quickstart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > **NOTE:** The `provision` command uses the default Minikube VM driver installed for your operating system. For a list of supported VM drivers see [this document](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/minikube/#quickstart).
```

  
  2. Install Kyma on Minikube:
     ```bash
     kyma install 
     ```

>  >**NOTE** If you want to install a specific release version, go to the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases) to find out more about available releases. Use the release version as a parameter when calling ` kyma install --release {KYMA_RELEASE}`.

Reviewer: This note doesn't really make sense, the `kyma install --release {KYMA_RELEASE}` should be the default. This flow is called "install from a release" after all.

  3. After the installation is completed, you can access the Console UI. Go to [this](https://console.kyma.local) address and select **Login with Email**. Use the **admin@kyma.cx** email address and the password printed in the terminal after installation finished.
  
  4. At this point, Kyma is ready for you to explore. See what you can achieve using the Console UI or check out one of the [available examples](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples).
   
  </details>
  <details>
  <summary>
  From sources
  </summary>
    
  1. Open a terminal window and navigate to a space in which you want to store local Kyma sources.
    

>   2. Clone the `Kyma` repository using either HTTPS or SSH. Run:

Reviewer: Now that this step is INSIDE a div element, I'd drop the two-option approach. It makes the document unnecessarily longer. Decide which one is more convenient for a newcomer (HTTP or SSH) and use that approach.

Author: I agree, lets go with HTTPS option only

     ```bash
     sudo security add-trusted-cert -d -r trustRoot -k /Library/Keychains/System.keychain certs/workspace/raw/server.crt
     ```
     >**NOTE:** Mozilla Firefox uses its own certificate keychain. If you want to access the Console UI though Firefox, add the Kyma wildcard certificate to the certificate keychain of the browser. To access the Application Connector and connect an external solution to the local deployment of Kyma, you must add the certificate to the trusted certificate storage of your programming environment. Read [this](/components/application-connector#details-access-the-application-connector-on-a-local-kyma-deployment) document to learn more.

  4. Provision a Kubernetes cluster on Minikube. Run:
     ```bash
     kyma provision minikube
     ```
     >  **NOTE:** The `provision` command uses default Minikube VM driver installed for your OS. For a list of supported VM drivers see [this document](http://github.com/kyma-project/cli).
  5. Install Kyma from sources. Run:
     
     ```bash
     kyma install --local --src-path {YOUR_KYMA_SOURCE_PATH}
     ```
     
  

>   6. After the installation is completed, you can access the Console UI. Go to [this](https://console.kyma.local) address and select **Login with Email**. Use the **admin@kyma.cx** email address and the password printed in the terminal once the installation process is completed.

Reviewer: Steps 6 and 7 are universal. Please put them outside of the DIV element. Don't duplicate content unless it's necessary.

Author: We will move to general steps section

## Install Kyma and access the Console UI

Follow these instructions to install Kyma from a release or from sources:
<div tabs>
  <details>
  <summary>
  From a release
  </summary>
    
  1. Provision a Kubernetes cluster on Minikube. Run:
    
     ```bash
     kyma provision minikube
     ```

>      > **NOTE:** The `provision command uses default Minikube vm driver installed for your OS. For a list of supported vm drivers see [this document](http://github.com/kyma-project/cli).

Reviewer 4: installed for your operating system <- system missing

>      > **NOTE:** The `provision command uses default Minikube vm driver installed for your OS. For a list of supported vm drivers see [this document](http://github.com/kyma-project/cli).

Reviewer 3: updated the comment.

     ```bash
     sudo security add-trusted-cert -d -r trustRoot -k /Library/Keychains/System.keychain certs/workspace/raw/server.crt
     ```
     >**NOTE:** Mozilla Firefox uses its own certificate keychain. If you want to access the Console UI though Firefox, add the Kyma wildcard certificate to the certificate keychain of the browser. To access the Application Connector and connect an external solution to the local deployment of Kyma, you must add the certificate to the trusted certificate storage of your programming environment. Read [this](/components/application-connector#details-access-the-application-connector-on-a-local-kyma-deployment) document to learn more.

  4. Provision a Kubernetes cluster on Minikube. Run:
     ```bash
     kyma provision minikube
     ```
     >  **NOTE:** The `provision command uses default Minikube vm driver installed for your OS. For a list of supported vm drivers see [this document](http://github.com/kyma-project/cli).
  5. Install Kyma from sources. Run:
     
     ```bash
     kyma install --local --src-path {YOUR_KYMA_SOURCE_PATH}
     ```
     
  

>   6. After the installation is completed, you can access the Console UI. Go to [this](https://console.kyma.local) address and select **Login with Email**. Use the **admin@kyma.cx** email address and the password printed in the terminal after installation finished.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  6. After the installation is completed, you can access the Console UI. Go to [this](https://console.kyma.local) address and select **Login with Email**. Use the **admin@kyma.cx** email address and the password printed in the terminal once the installation process is completed.
```

  2. Go to [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases/) page and choose the latest release.  
  
  3. Export the release version as an environment variable:
     ```bash
     export KYMA_RELEASE={KYMA_RELEASE_VERSION}
     ```
  4. Install Kyma release `$KYMA_RELEASE` in minikube:
     ```bash
     kyma install -r $KYMA_RELEASE
     ```
     
     Wait until installation process completed
     
  </details>
  <details>
  <summary>
  From sources
  </summary>
    
  1. Open a terminal window and navigate to a space in which you want to store local Kyma sources.
    
  2. Clone the Kyma repository to your machine using either HTTPS or SHH. Run this command to clone the repository.
     
     <div tabs>
       <details>
       <summary>
       HTTPS
       </summary>
     
        ```bash
        git clone https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma.git
        ```
       </details>
       <details>
       <summary>
       SSH
       </summary>
     
       ```bash
       git clone git@github.com:kyma-project/kyma.git
       ```
       </details>
     </div>

>   3. Choose the release from which you want to install Kyma. Go to the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases) to find out more about each of the available releases. Run this command to list all of the available tags that correspond to releases:

Author: I think this one is more generic way to install from sources, we can use also `git checkout master` to install from master branch

     ```bash
     git tag
     ```
  4. Checkout the tag corresponding to the Kyma release you want to install. Run:
     ```bash
     git checkout {TAG}
     ```
   >**NOTE:** If you don't checkout any of the available tags, your sources match the state of the project's `master` branch at the moment of cloning the repository.
  

>   5. Kyma comes with a local wildcard self-signed `server.crt` certificate. Add this certificate to your OS trusted certificates to access the Console UI. On MacOS, run:

Author: yes but the certificate is in the source code, should we reference anyway? Alternative we can add this in the troubleshooting section

  6. Provision minikube with this command:
     ```bash
     kyma provision minikube
     ```
     > **NOTE:** Kyma CLI command above uses default minikube vm driver installed for your OS, for list of default vm driver for supported OS and other available vm drivers you can read from [here](http://github.com/kyma-project/cli)
  7. Install Kyma with following command with with password for the `admin@kyma.cx` user:
     
     ```bash
     kyma install --local --src-path {YOUR_KYMA_SOURCE_PATH} --password {YOUR_PASSWORD}
     ```
     
     Wait until installation process completed.
  
  9. After the installation is completed, you can access the Console UI. Go to [this](https://console.kyma.local) address and select **Login with Email**. Use the **admin@kyma.cx** email address and the password you set using the `--password` flag.

  10. At this point, Kyma is ready for you to explore. See what you can achieve using the Console UI or check out one of the [available examples](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples).

   </details>
</div>

Read [this](#installation-reinstall-kyma) document to learn how to reinstall Kyma without deleting the cluster from Minikube.

> To learn how to test Kyma, see [this](#details-testing-kyma) document.

Reviewer 4: Please rework the "re-start section" to not use minikube.sh

Author: It is possible with CLI? If yes please provide me examples how can be done with CLI

> To learn how to test Kyma, see [this](#details-testing-kyma) document.

Reviewer 4: Please remove the Enable Horizontal Pod Autoscaler section, it is not valid anymore

## Install Kyma and access the Console UI

Follow there instructions to install Kyma from a release or from sources:
<div tabs>
  <details>
  <summary>
  From a release
  </summary>
    
  1. Provision a kubernetes cluster on minikube ready to be installed with Kyma run this command:
    
     ```bash
     kyma provision minikube
     ```
     > **NOTE:** Kyma CLI command above uses default minikube vm driver installed for your OS, for list of default vm driver for supported OS and other available vm drivers you can read from [here](http://github.com/kyma-project/cli)
  2. Install Kyma with latest release, run following command:
     ```bash
     kyma install
     ```
     > **NOTE** If you need install a specific Kyma release use following steps
     

>   3. Go to [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases/) page and choose the latest release.  

Reviewer 4: Now steps 3.-5. are optional and related to the notes. Maybe @bszwarc can help here to make it more nice?

  
  4. Export the release version as an environment variable:
     ```bash
     export KYMA_RELEASE={KYMA_RELEASE_VERSION}
     ```

>   5. Install Kyma release `$KYMA_RELEASE` in minikube:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  5. Install Kyma release on Minikube:
```

     ```bash
     kyma install -r $KYMA_RELEASE
     ```
     

>      Wait until installation process completed

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 
```
I don't think it's necessary here as step 6 starts with `after the installation is completed`

     
  6. After the installation is completed, you can access the Console UI. Go to [this](https://console.kyma.local) address and select **Login with Email**. Use the **admin@kyma.cx** email address and the password printed in the terminal after installation finished.
  
  7. At this point, Kyma is ready for you to explore. See what you can achieve using the Console UI or check out one of the [available examples](https://github.com/kyma-project/examples).
   
  </details>
  <details>
  <summary>
  From sources
  </summary>
    
  1. Open a terminal window and navigate to a space in which you want to store local Kyma sources.
    

>   2. Clone the Kyma repository to your machine using either HTTPS or SHH. Run this command to clone the repository.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  2. Clone the `Kyma` repository using either HTTPS or SHH. Run:
```

       <summary>
       HTTPS
       </summary>
     
        ```bash
        git clone https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma.git
        ```
       </details>
       <details>
       <summary>
       SSH
       </summary>
     
       ```bash
       git clone git@github.com:kyma-project/kyma.git
       ```
       </details>
     </div>
 
  3. Kyma comes with a local wildcard self-signed `server.crt` certificate. Add this certificate to your OS trusted certificates to access the Console UI. On MacOS, run:
     ```bash
     sudo security add-trusted-cert -d -r trustRoot -k /Library/Keychains/System.keychain certs/workspace/raw/server.crt
     ```
     >**NOTE:** Mozilla Firefox uses its own certificate keychain. If you want to access the Console UI though Firefox, add the Kyma wildcard certificate to the certificate keychain of the browser. To access the Application Connector and connect an external solution to the local deployment of Kyma, you must add the certificate to the trusted certificate storage of your programming environment. Read [this](/components/application-connector#details-access-the-application-connector-on-a-local-kyma-deployment) document to learn more.

>   4. Provision a kubernetes cluster on minikube ready to be installed with Kyma run this command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  4. Provision a Kubernetes cluster on Minikube. Run:
```

     ```bash
     kyma provision minikube
     ```

>      > **NOTE:** Kyma CLI command above uses default minikube vm driver installed for your OS, for list of default vm driver for supported OS and other available vm drivers you can read from [here](http://github.com/kyma-project/cli)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     >  **NOTE:** The `provision command uses default Minikube vm driver installed for your OS. For a list of supported vm drivers see [this document](http://github.com/kyma-project/cli).
```

>   5. Install Kyma from sources run following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  5. Install Kyma from sources. Run:
```

     
     ```bash

>      kyma install --local --src-path {YOUR_KYMA_SOURCE_PATH} --password {YOUR_PASSWORD}

Reviewer 4: src-path and password are optional, I think we should document here the minimum for the default flow and just link the cli docu for more options.

IN the specific case let's remove the password and in a note mention that src-path is required in case you have not checked out in the GO_PTAH

Author: We make assumption most of developer will use git clone without specifying clone directory to the GO_PATH

     ```
     

>      Wait until installation process completed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
Similarly, as in the installation from a release, I would remove this part.

Use the `minikube.sh` script to restart the Minikube cluster without reinstalling Kyma. Follow these steps to stop and restart your cluster:

1. Stop the Minikube cluster with Kyma installed. Run:
   ```
   minikube stop
   ```
2. Restart the cluster without reinstalling Kyma. Run:
   ```bash
   kyma provision minikube
   ```

The Kyma CLI discovers that a Minikube cluster is initialized and asks if you want to delete it. Answering `no` causes the Kyma CLI to start the Minikube cluster and restarts all of the previously installed components. Even though this procedure takes some time, it is faster than a clean installation as you don't download all of the required Docker images.

To verify that the restart is successful, run this command and check if all Pods have the `RUNNING` status:

```
kubectl get pods --all-namespaces
```

> 

Reviewer: You say that "this section not more valid". What does this mean? Is HPA enabled by default when you install Kyma using the Kyma CLI?

Use the `minikube.sh` script to restart the Minikube cluster without reinstalling Kyma. Follow these steps to stop and restart your cluster:

1. Stop the Minikube cluster with Kyma installed. Run:
   ```
   minikube stop
   ```
2. Restart the cluster without reinstalling Kyma. Run:
   ```bash
   kyma provision minikube
   ```

The Kyma CLI discovers that a Minikube cluster is initialized and asks if you want to delete it. Answering `no` causes the Kyma CLI to start the Minikube cluster and restarts all of the previously installed components. Even though this procedure takes some time, it is faster than a clean installation as you don't download all of the required Docker images.

To verify that the restart is successful, run this command and check if all Pods have the `RUNNING` status:

```
kubectl get pods --all-namespaces
```

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: Please remove the TROUBLESHOOTING section - it's extracted to a separate document now

> Use the `minikube.sh` script to restart the Minikube cluster without reinstalling Kyma. Follow these steps to stop and restart your cluster:

Reviewer: I don't think you're using the `minikube.sh` script anymore, are you? :)

Reviewer 3: Since the script is not used anymore, can we remove this line?

Use the `minikube.sh` script to restart the Minikube cluster without reinstalling Kyma. Follow these steps to stop and restart your cluster:

1. Stop the Minikube cluster with Kyma installed. Run:
   ```
   minikube stop
   ```
2. Restart the cluster without reinstalling Kyma. Run:
   ```bash
   kyma provision minikube
   ```

> The Kyma CLI discovers that a minikube cluster is initialized and asks if you want to delete it. Answering `no` causes the Kyma CLI to start the minikube cluster and restarts all of the previously installed components. Even though this procedure takes some time, it is faster than a clean installation as you don't download all of the required Docker images.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Kyma CLI discovers that a Minikube cluster is initialized and asks if you want to delete it. Answering `no` causes the Kyma CLI to start the Minikube cluster and restarts all of the previously installed components. Even though this procedure takes some time, it is faster than a clean installation as you don't download all of the required Docker images.
```

To verify that the restart is successful, run this command and check if all Pods have the `RUNNING` status:

```
kubectl get pods --all-namespaces
```

> 

Reviewer 3: With the Kyma CLI, is it enabled automatically during installation? How can you enable it?
